"Evermore the fallout, justify, cant be happening.
Claustrophobic once more, I know it can be daunting.
Never had it but evermore, ever engrossing, do I mean.
That is what is the best present more like it do you say.
I could be more effectual in this common disorder.
Now I jus' got too fancy for you to repeat me.
Although, all together, now would be better than the last.
Was it more than I could take in this regard.
Clasps common traits, ever gold clandestine, quadro-pic.
Biopic of a necessity destiny filled with chosen lust.
Could of been more brash, harsh, demonstrative.
In this regard.
To-ta-lou."

It has yet to be harnessed. Seriously they have yet to do it. The people
that have the money to, which means they own the companies which in turn
means they what goes and what can be done and should be done. However. 
Anyone at any time can think of a paten as you can see those who have. 
These individuals are listed down at the end of the @Wikipedia page here.
One station in Hawaii, the birthplace of our 44th President @BarackObama.
Where they have many providences and a general hospital. Barack traveled
across many countries as a child which he wrote about in his books. As I
have read. What I love and this happens in a constant manner, is this. 
Roze finds so utterly fascinating is how many types of engineering it 
takes to harness this type of power which is a form of kinetic energy. 
The more math the better. This is what I desire to explore, jobs that 
have a great deal of math and not just simple alegebraic equations.
High-order math. To the greatest degree. Furthermore. If a company where
to build a station. Lets build vaction homes on top. Why not. Lets build
for underwater, above water high-speed rail and travel. Lets build luxiouris
helicopter pad. The point is to explore all of our waters. We have
successfully explored our land.

So I took a look at the Clothing, Roze took a look at the bags very 
persuasive they are. Indeed. Roze took a look at the shoes, for I have
scorched the Earth. Then I took a glance at the sunglasses. Women absolutely
love this brand. I see many good things comin' out of this company that is
rather well known. Don't you see. I do my name is Roze. I always wanted to
save my money and make one sincere purchase. To show off and it doesn't 
matter how many times I would ever so shall wear it. As this demographic
is clearly shown and understood. Those who can only afford one piece
but dare I say do they love wearing it again and again.

