Well it takes more than the gravity of the thing and all that it took, takes
and has took. I love how girls loves this and is particularlly meant for such girls
that would love to take it-in and explain it all, to their special person 
that they are talking to and what is in response is always an interested party and
how their spirit, how they are made up, yes themselves are in connection to the stars,
the galaxies even perhaps the universe and what that means for them and what they 
have to do about it. Well Gee. My astrological sign is actually an Leo,
instead of the Tauras, how was I forgot? Did I misplace it. I see once more for it
means more to me, than you know. One moment of kindness. Is all that that is 
necessary and I mean it, to me and everything around me and just how my spirit,
moves around in a harmonious pattern or without.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astrological_sign


"The cream no-stopper, the backstop what where do'es ya haveit ya' say. There it
was plenty of film, no dire mistaken long jacket for to match, of course in this
showcase that Roze has for you, today. The long-sleeve soft-white, pepper spray,
nobodies business but mine and mines and yours, there it is the loop-hole no more
goodness is all today, sweatshirt. To go with, yes to tagalong with the long-pant.
Roze had for you today as, well. There it is the dissertation more like dissection
of human thought, @Chicago_Police, yes like a biology experiment at your behest-cutter-
longevity, pant legs, half sweet-reddish half long-sea darling blue. There you haveit."
@chipublib.

I was thinking the other day, as the 'hood is already in particular withstanding 
your spirit and if its bad or good, but the 'hood accomodates you in a very certain
way, some special more specific, others more prisitne more firery in ways you, I, them,
who they don't even known for it goes by itself and all. There I was in a @Walmart with
everything set out for me today and there I was, with my family, my loved ones I
hold close and we can realize yes, behold it, that we can have the same-kind of
Christmas as like any other. Its sturdy. It gets the job done. Once more.
https://www.walmart.com/