When we say hi and goodbye and is it okay as always and when it isn't shouldn't 
I have been at least notified and with all the causes that would make this another
best man kind of tonic. Water has always been on my top to do branches and refining
myself once more, I said it to myself. The other day. When I had. Which brings me
this quotion. Should this be here and what if it did and what brung it to this 
point and for what purposes. Is it another one of them same patterns then my brain
would recognize it as a primal underling then my Shaun begins to decipher and we
together, the thought and I, come to the complete end where I can use it once more.
Because if it is in repetition than I would know myself and what actions I am 
then contributing towards, once again, in order to complete the next task.

"I was thinkin', Today, Then I wasn't thinkin' anymore, Today, And I thought well
gosh so handsome.

Then I had another thought, And it came on, and I was suppostal going to the center,
where everything is.

What can be bought now. Is it important, ya. Ok well why don't u get it on the way out.
Well lets warm your bedside.

Had another toke and I brought it on myself. To think about what happened. Then woke
up in a @mcdonalds and ordered a one-rino. Had myself a time.

Now take it on back. Does it matter to me. Does it matter to you. Then who should it
matter towards.

Had a same. Just the other Day. And I thought that was swell. All made it look like it was
mine.

When you had everything on at the time. But your so used to it doesn't feel like its on
anymore. Strang euphoria and then a second skin. Next to my own cotton and 
polyester why so." @chipublib.

Was had a fantastic time. I said my befould has my befoul more like a behest has
been good to me in the overall. And I had it sequestered and all sequestered once
more. Then I had it time is good as any other and there I was standing without
anything to listen to so I made that decision awfully click and was just there
as it was yesterday and the day before that. I boy hope this isn't going
any place no more and then I wouldn't have to look for it here and there 
eventually settling on its new purpose and that is what I am good for
the big swallows and the walking around in a timely, friendly and 
in good manner of speaking, ways and soothing soliloquoys. 