The complete capable of the fixation which is the representation of the quality
at hand we have here before us and that would be to put it in a human foresight
perception that would mean we are correctly scientifically understand what is
it we are trying to identify. Roze is frustrated, sighing and desperately 
lethargic that we do not have our Scientific Eye in totality. That remains
to be seen. Now isn't it. I would say, Roze would most certainly say so. 
In this, rembrance displaced conjunction of modern human, once again, only
understanding. And that brings Roze to his next topic, what we find in ourselves
is a direct, mirrored, reciprocal representation of our outside world. Where
we, us, the who all of this world find time and time again, reverberating
this one common law, that is held with absolute truth in the, what is 
human understood physical reality and objective biological, chemical, philosophical
reality and those take on many sights, perceptions and reason. To be sure. 
Then Roze would understand himself and then his world better. An even keel. 
Proceeding from there what if everything about our Universe is true and if
the question, pertains, nothing what has been said and recorded, data retrieved
is true. Then from there you have the pruning, the daycare and the beautifying.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino
@NASA. @NEIU. @HW_College.

Roze entilted this one, "Scales."

Roze also found this subject, interesting to say the least.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino_oscillation

Roze would like to dive into this, at one time or another.
Roze sees another big spectacular market.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino_astronomy


"Had a lot to look at 
Don't know when I am going to see her again.
Think I lost my chance.
That means I'll never get whats mine. Is it mine.

That was a sad song.
But it was necessary.
There it was the turn of events.
All I could have lost, I in fact did, never once did does you have had it.

Just say smooth, ya know easy.
I'll see what I can then do
and you won't know what hit you.
There it was your chance, once more. Roze's.

//Then it couldn't be more complicated
and all that is wrought, is like I said all wrong
and it feels all so right, I guess,
and I could even have it on back so I put it back there.

But why would you
There it was no more of to have it in complete trust
Reverberating off me once more, as everything I find does
and I didn't trust it, didn't trust myself no more and nobody else.

There I thought I could have it,
Theres nothing to say anymore I bought all my drinks
and it couldn't be more perfect in its
presumptions and shared ecstasies and the run of downs.

There couldn't be a better time.
Then from what I remember and what I hold close.
Then it was the last time and my last time was.
Ok. I got to go now I need to deliver pizzas in my '99 Maxima and live with my parents."//
