So it has been. Almost three complete holistic years to this date.
That this had on'launched to the masses from the likes of, @SonyGroupGlobal
located in the heart of Minato, Tokyo, Japan. There. This company arises
to deliver one system after the next. Every so often. Don't want to risk'it
nor do I want to rush'it. This would be next time we would release a 
monumental shift in technology. Not only for technology. But the video
game business as'a'whole and come with'it to darn'find'out for the
rest'of'Us. What a video game console looks like in 2020. The fourth
after the first. When it first came down ole'Jimmny'Maszel'Tof'Kraken'
Christmas'Duo'Time'Fer'3rds'To'Blah'Sozads'Dat. Been. A while since
I had to take in other time around the generations iterations and have
to say something about it. Next time, I will have all past 4. Then
and only then, would I find this closure. When it comes to my little
heart and my system that pleases me in this manner. With its latest
features, its calling itself one of the most sophisticated systems
in the, once again, video game business. Aa multi-billion$ dollar 
business, once more.
https://www.playstation.com/en-us/ps5/?smcid=pdc%3Aen-us%3Aps5-games%3Aprimary%20nav%3Amsg-hardware%3Aps5

"Okay well, and this is fantastic, your all that is done and then it is
time, to be no more is my own doing?

Not much at all, there isn't anything to say, but what would you need
to say in this regard, in what regard does it matter to you or either me?
This don't mean nothing to me.

But why would you yell about it, there isn't much that is there, hair,
teeth and bones, what is leftover of thy muscle.

Then a regeneration happens, this is thus, this is I, then I repeat to
achieve this patte once again.

And all I know is lost, there isn't one more thing there is always many
thangs, I'm talkin' girls wearin' thongs. ew'oh, then it comes time to 
relate to others.

Thas just what we like when girls don't have to think nomore, isn't
that best, then there day has been simplified, and they have successfully
ete.

Ya, its there is me, Ya is always bes, there I was, Oh' no not again.

There I came to be, but what is all that is there, well, my response."
@chipublib

How many times. Must we remark. Must we regard, in these dramatics
that I always find myself in. Out thought so. When I knew so that, was
his name Aslo. U. O. S. Let your own rain to the maker's mark was there
before I once was, there it was before with kittens and exchanged a 
more than a few numbers. That didn't find the correct breast, that night
unlike any others. Like I have said, food become more appealing and 
cooked better. Over certain procedures that would find us more 
of a better down-time with us focused and having it saved for the 
next couple days or a night or two. Then and only then, like'd I said.
There was a meaning a time, when it gets good and for the remaining
time, like he said and I said at that time. You would mean to say, that
this is how you handle many of your stone and in the muck of things,
with every resource at one's beck and call but not only once
again beck and call but behest as well. Then many a time, once more.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_of_fire_by_early_humans