There is a reason that I say it, no more than I would glance at it. 
Suffice. Give to me the necessary expression that I so ever desperately 
need, I thank it. For if it were non-existent than I wouldn't have 
the necessary closure, now would I? That is why it has existed all 
throughout time and yet another form of written human expression 
that has been around for quite some time. I find that so fascinating. 
Now do I find everything fascinating? Not exactly nor do I once more. 
I would have to be at an even equilibrium to achieve this as such and 
what is more is always already there yet a given! Ah' I see, yes you 
do, Roze. Never had the moments to give our alphabets life that it 
was and we previously learned that these alpabets once held power 
and what would be next, notation? Is this considered a lumerical 
notation in relation to the numerical and the grammatical? How 
could that be so? With human research remember its always more questions 
than there are answers. For the answer comes quite simply to the 
amassing of certain knowledges that we have and then expediting it, 
exponentially as we will exist all throughout history. What da 
ya give it? Orso. The human race has more than 200-300 years to 
go or is its naturally forever by design.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punctuation

"I just contacted Marco. Things are lookin' on the up. Today I found out he has a cease and desist letter.
Ready. When I reached out. I had these various ideas. That can be accomplished now with the various technologies that we have.
There goez' that business connection. However in the sky it is a different story then what happens on the ground.
It isn't the first time. This isn't the first blade of exocommunication. Nor a crime against humanity But howabout an Act of War?
Would that be better? More deft. More complete. More significant. 
What does it matter. Anymore. Thas' all. I don't really wanna take up skateboarding but I do wanna be able to be good enough to glide from place to place.
On it. This could of been a better solve- Salvation. I pritee." @chipublib.

Then a very interesting branch of human thought, I went here thanks to @Wikipedia at hand.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punctuated_equilibrium

Does this look and feel like playing basketball? If it does. It feels rather 
gunky and the players have always throughout every iteration moved not like your 
actual movement on the game floor. Where quite honestly the entire @NBA fanbase 
only wants to watch KD or the King play the game of basketball. There is always a
deep forms of running your own leagues, teams and creating your own players, 
organizations and stadiums. There is always quite a bit of mundane added to the
breft of these available games across all available systems and I am sure the @NBA
video game community has come to a general consensus of what iteration was best 
and now is in its latest iteration, @NBA2K 23. Now why do you think, @Jumpman23 
himself never wanted to be included in these video games? He quite specificly laid 
down the law throughout his career. Would of it had removed the Magic? But he's in 
there just like all of the other greatest players the game has ever seen and just 
like @KDTrey5 and @KingJames.