
When it comes to this theory, when it comes to this foundation. What do we see. Do we see a harmony do we see a natural order to the repetition for we are merely trying to understand the laws of nature itself. And how exactly does this come off. Where if it were not anything around us there would then be absolutely nothing to thire understand. Thuthermore. To be known is this constant. To be known as this constant existence also a measurement is taken. From what we gather would be the equilibrium in this common stasis, were we all gather. Holding once, more than time, what is in us. As we can factor all of our properties, "down to mere atoms." There would be this listlessness, luckless, gutless as we no longer need the body. Not where were going and not exactly where we are coming back to as we travel along this train of thought, this cohesive whole that is in us and all around us.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_mechanics

One of the greatest physcists this world has ever seen. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niels_Bohr

"Come on down Thats what I said Come on down. Come see it. Movin' it in here. Thas' all u said, Really?

Ya? There it was all said and done and complete. Complete I said. But what it was before do you remember.

No not much at all All I could say is that I repeated and it was in my head. For a period of time Thas' good. Ya' because I liked it. 

Sure did alot. What does that mean you wanna go to the whole store. Where they sell bulk but ya I mean. Is it on clearance. 

That is why you should find the thrift stores with the correct amount of items that fit your particular style. But that is 'nother story for another time.

We all know your a stickler. Does ne'bodie else like dancin'? We have a clear section for anyone who would like to dance. Over there. Where anyone can join at any age. Period. Schools over but not your study."@chipublib.

Then an interesting branch of human thought was brought to my attention:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_decoherence

Here is that constant again, it keeps coming up. Like a beautiful simplicity.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_constant

Why is this company completely covered in Rap? And why is it so ever popular. I'm not the only one who has gone into one of these stores from time to time and the security gaurds certainly know how to deal with us, don't they? If I could I would save a pay check aside for the next less say, 3 months. Then I could perhaps purchase one item that I would then wear, Roze for the next couple years and grow into it and it will become a part of me. Sittin' lavish as always I see. Yes, the girls love this luxury clothing line. But the matter at hand, as Roze is speaking, is this. If you have an over 70K job and your single it has and will become rather easy for you to afford and you can go on various dates, and thy entertain. So here's hoping to you all whoever this might reach. As Roze, got his A.S. from @HW_College and then his B.S. in Computer Science from his alma mater, @NEIU. Yes we all know. @Gucci.
https://www.gucci.com/us/en/