The complete capable of the fixation which is then the representation of the quality we have at hand and that we have here before us which would 
then be able to be put it in a human foresight our perception that would in fact mean we are correctly scientifically understanding what is it, 
we are trying to identify. Roze is frustrated, sighing and desperately lethargic that we do not have our own, Scientific Eye being seen in totality. 
That remains to be discovered. Now isn't it. I would say, Roze would most certainly say so. In this rembrance displaced conjunction of modern human, 
once again, only our general understandings. And that brings Roze to his next topic, what we find understood in ourselves is a direct relationship, 
a mirrored and reciprocal representation of our outside world. Where we, us, the who all of this world find the time and time again, reverberating 
this one common law, that is held with our deemed absolute truth in the, what is human understood physical reality and objective biological, chemical 
and philosophical realities and those take on many sights, perceptions and reason. To be sure. Then Roze would understand himself and then even his 
world better. An even keel. Proceeding from there what if everything about our Universe said is true and if the question then arises, pertains more 
like it that nothing of what has been said, recorded and data retrieved is true. Then from there you have the pruning, the daycare and the beautifying 
of our current human scientific understanding.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino
@NASA. @NEIU. @HW_College.

Roze entilted this one, "Scales."

Roze also found this subject, interesting to say the least.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino_oscillation

Roze would like to dive into this, at one time or another.
Roze sees another big spectacular market.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutrino_astronomy

"Had a lot to look at, Don't know when I am going to see her again. Think I lost my chance. That means I'll never get whats mine. Is it mine.

That was a sad song. But it was necessary. There it was the turn of events. All I could have lost, I in fact did, never once did does you have had it.

Just say smooth, ya know easy. I'll see what I can then do and you won't know what hit you. There it was your chance, once more. Roze's.

Then it couldn't be more complicated, and all that is wrought, is like I said all wrong, and it feels all so right, for by myself, and I could even 
have it on back so I put it back there.

But why would you, there it was no more to have it in complete trust, reberberating off me once more, as everything I find does and I didn't trust it, 
didn't trust myself no more and nobody else.

There I thought I could have it, theres nothing to say anymore I bought all my drink, and it couldn't be more perfect in its, presumptions and 
shared ecstasies and all the run of downs.

THere couldn't be a better time. Then from what I remember and what I hold close. Then it was the last time and my last time out was. Ok. I not got to 
go I need to deliver pizzas in my '99 Nissan Maxima and live with my parents." @chipublib.

I believe our universe circumvents itself, as all the laws would prove this to be true, and that it contains natural cleaning processes in order for 
it to have a grand beauty.

So I could set out and pick apart which of these conclusions, these concept albums and I can tell you here today, this artist is all over the place and 
we got him runnin' point because that is what is being asked of him at this time. Take your pick have a look and what I get most of the time is the ability 
to have a good time, perhaps perplex a bitch to my advances and then proceed to spoil her. Which is a perfect utopia in this day and age we all live in. 
Its goes well with my life and what I have at hand to process. It gives me this relief along with my constant musings in order to lead a better life 
I could live for myself and a tone of mine is set. xOVO. @Drake.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UCU6cE7pdJPc6DU2jSrKEsdQ




