Now we all know what to shop for what to look for and what to exactly wear.
Here at the @Nike. Have you ever been in one of their stores. Truly a sight
to behold seriously the Michigan Ave, Magnificent Mile, Mag Mile store has
different levels. Of different offerings sectioned off by Gender. Ah' theres
that word however how tricky it is. And once again, whats your age group and I
got a big head, most then most, and its all at the last bead to be punched and it
looks kind of silly but if your in step, if your fashion is being incorporated. 
Your taste hits good notes and makes others more advantagous in the business community
for corporate consulatants and continue to be in-step. MJ.
https://www.nike.com/men

What I  don't get is why does it have to be so gigantic. Ha-ha. Never let me see for myself
the very first awe I got that I had when I saw'd one of these at Work. Pointed it on a fence, at
sum trees very far away can you judge the distance than perhaps sum girls butcheeks or tit area and
got in big trouble and got my laser taken away. But what I wanted to get to the point is how this 
communicates it seems quite fractually with Light itself. Bounds around it as such. How it measures 
that light spectrum and how it responds exactly with the scientific method. Who are we to Judge. How come
we think as an organism, a scientific organism that is a scientist, that we understand the Scientific Method
in totality? I am again describing the fact of how the scientist takes in the observation of what I am currently
percieving. What are we getting wrong. What kant I see? Period. Other than that I am very excited to see
where light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation will go. Whats unsafe about radiation? Are 
other bodies unsafe as well. @nasa @north eastern
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laser


Here I am. 
All that is there.
For if I was to go over there.
I would need another definition, another Likeness.

That maybe.
My good Man.
But Oh' jus' where do you wanna go?
Or Travel.

To the heart of the matter.
As they say. 
Can't get that out of my head.
I love that saiyan.

To be more. 
Is to like.
To like is to give.
This Emotion.

However confounding and encompassing.
However how interesting.
You know it I would be There.
With all my Lights on. Brite Lite.

Whenever I could have this.
I could have that if I wanted to.
But wouldn't you get a new box and a new process to understand.
A new logia.

Patterns.
Which to me are so fun.
They remind me of the good times and the good times to be had.
Which they shall be forn, I am a good man. After all.

There is one more thing before I end this piece.
I would like to say that I am already all There.
However don't you see me, I am the lust you are after. The life. Get it.
You see before you. There it goes all gone.
